Fix code samples in the README.md (#82)
wso2-ballerina/module-twitter: README.md

import ballerina/io;
import wso2/twitter;

twitter:TwitterConfiguration twitterConfig = {
    clientId: "<clientId>",
    clientSecret: "<clientSecret>",
    accessToken: "<accessToken>",
    accessTokenSecret: "<accessTokenSecret>"
};

twitter:Client twitterClient = new(twitterConfig);

public function main(string... args) {
    string status = "Twitter endpoint test";
    var result = twitterClient->tweet(status);
    if (result is twitter:Status) {

>         //If successful, returns the tweet message or ID of the status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // If successful, print the tweet ID and text.
```

        io:println("Tweet ID: ", result.id);
        io:println("Tweet: ", result.text);
    } else {

>         //Unsuccessful attempts return a Twitter error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // If unsuccessful, print the error returned.
```

>         io:println(result);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        io:println("Error: ", result);
```
